Life is fickle.
No one knows when they will leave this world
It's sad to think about it.
I probably know
Lin Feng
Do you have any other wishes?
While you're still alive
Go and finish it, I
I want a baby.
child
It's been many years.
It just never happened.
Let me be your girlfriend
Why do you suddenly say that?
Is to leave lightly
Let me feel the impermanence of life
I like you.
I want to be with you
You just have to tell me if you want to
I admit it.
I have a crush on you.
But you know my situation too
I don't have much time left.
Then we'll get married.
I would like to have a baby with you
Even if one day you are gone
I will also raise him alone
But no but
Nod or shake your head
You are a big man, don't want a mother-in-law
Tell me the answer now
OK
I would.
Show me your orphanage
The day after tomorrow, a company happens to be blowing kisses at the orphanage
Then you can help me pick him up.
company
It seems to be called Yirun
Iruna is Xia Yiqiu's company